# CCI-Web-App-Design-Competition-
PROBLEM STATEMENT: Students need a flexible way to create a master’s program that fits their academic and professional goals. This tool will help students envisage the different combination of certificates that they can take to form a full master’s degree at CCI.  Desired Outcomes:  An intuitive web-based system design that allows users to “mix and match” certificate programs to arrive at master’s degrees All program options should be viewable/selectable by the user For any combination of 3 certificates selected, users will see the master’s degree(s) they can obtain (please review Further Specifications below for more details) Design Competition Requirements:  To be eligible for the competition and prizes, participants must meet all the following requirements:  Be a currently enrolled Drexel undergraduate or graduate student; each team must include a member who is enrolled in a CCI program or course. Teams are encouraged! Must complete remote user testing of design and provide feedback with final design submission Final design must be submitted via Devpost by January 4, 2021 at 11:59 p.m. EST with design Prototype (link to website/design documents) and a video that explains your design Optional: providing scenarios/personas, description of challenges encountered in design View our Dec. 2 Q&amp;A session with CCI Professor Andrea Forte to hear more about competition details.  Judging Criteria:  Originality &amp; Creativity Intuitiveness of Design and UX Thoroughness of user testing/feedback Prizes (for individual or split equally among team members):  First Prize: $1,500 Runner Up: $1,000 Questions? Contact us at cciinfo@drexel.edu  FURTHER SPECIFICATIONS Constraint 1  Before completing a technical certificate, folks without a background in CS have to complete a CS Foundations Certificate. How can your interface communicate this to potential students?  Constraint 2  For each degree, a base certificate has to completed. For example, an HCI/UX degree requires getting an HCI/UX certificate. You can’t put together a Computer Science, a Data Science, and a Software Architecture certificate together and get an HCI/UX degree out of it. How can your interface communicate this to potential students?  Suggested Certificate List  HCI/UX Information Systems Foundations of Data Science Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning* Technology Leadership Cybersecurity* Computer Science Foundations Advanced Computer Science* Software Architecture* Front-End Development … and any others you can imagine. You can imagine any certificates and master’s degrees you like as long as your design respects the constraints!
